---
id: faq008
title: Community content - How much are the fees?
sidebar_label: How much are the fees?
hide_title: true
hide_table_of_contents: true
description: Community content - How much are the fees?
keywords:
 - "ZERO Exchange"
 - "$ZERO"
 - "@OfficialZeroDEX"
image:  /static/avax-logo.svg
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

## How much are the fees?

There are two kind of fees:
 * Trading fees on a chain: Swapping a token to another token on a same chain, like Uniswap on the Ethereum chain or Pancakeswap on the BSC chain
 * Cross chain fees: When bridging a token from one chain to another chain

### Trading fees

The fees depends on which chain the trade is done: Lowest on Polygon, very low on BSC, a bit more expensive on Avalanche than on BSC, Ethereum is the most expensive (same fees as Uniswap).

Compared to the Ethereum chain, the trading fees are almost zero on Polygon, BSC and Avalanche.

:::note
When using MetaMask on the Avalanche chain, MetaMask is still calculating fees based on the ETH currency on their user interface, not the AVAX one.  So the actual fee you pay will be much lower than what MetaMask displays.
:::

### Gas tokens for the trading fees

Depending on which chain you are trading on, you need the native token of the chain to pay for the transactions fees:

1. On the Ethereum chain, you need ETH
1. On the BSC chain, you need BNB
1. On the Avalanche chain, you need AVAX
1. On the Polygon chain, you need MATIC

Our experience is that for people new in crypto, getting hold of AVAX in MetaMask starting from a centralised exchange like Binance, can be a bit daunting (follow the steps in the FAQ on [how to send AVAX from Binance/OKex to MetaMask](faq016.md)).  
The Zero Exchange has foreseen a goodie for the bridge users: When you do a cross chain for the first time to a chain, you will receive a portion of BNB/AVAX/MATIC (depending on which chain you cross to) for a few trades on the crossed chain.  To be safe, convert then a part of your crossed chain tokens to BNB/AVAX/MATIC as to have a reserve to pay for more transaction fees.

### Cross chain/bridging fees

Check the [ZeroBridge](../zerobridge.md) page for more information.
