---
id: faq009
title: How to manage liquidity pools?
sidebar_label: How to manage liquidity pools?
hide_title: true
hide_table_of_contents: true
description: How to manage liquidity pools?
keywords:
 - "ZERO Exchange"
 - "$ZERO"
 - "@OfficialZeroDEX"
image:  /static/avax-logo.svg
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

This page will give you a brief introduction on how to manage liquidity pools. Let's dive in!

## What is a liquidity pool?

[Check this article made by Binance](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-are-liquidity-pools-in-defi)

## High level principles

* A pool is made of 2 pairs, most of the pools on the Zero Exchange are paired with ZERO  
_Example: ZERO/AVAX, ZERO/zETH, ZERO/zSUSHI_

* You enter a pool by providing paired tokens: Zero and another token. A pool emits a certain number of ZERO tokens per week between a start and end date: These are the rewards to be shared amongst all liquidity providers of that pool in function of their share of the pool.

* The benefit of being in a pool (for a pool delivering rewards in ZERO and in the context of the Zero Exchange):
  * Earning rewards in ZERO by farming
  * Earning rewards in ZERO as a percentage of the trades
  * The rewards earned depends on your share of the pool  
   If you are very early in a pool, you could put a small amount and still have huge rewards until more and more people join, then your share goes down, and so does your share of the rewards

* Pools are available on the 3 chains

* A pool has a starting and end date : You can stay in the pool after the end date is passed, but you won't earn rewards anymore from the farming

* When to get out of a liquidity pools?  Up to you ...
  * The longer you stay, the more rewards you earn (depends on your share of the pool of course)
  * See the risk of impermanent loss: Depending on the price action of one the paired token you may chose to exist and re-enter later to optimise your initial stack of zero
  * The liquidity pool has ended: Before exiting, please check again the risk of impermanent loss, you may want to time/delay your exit in some circumstances.

* Risk: See impermanent loss
  * [Article published by Binance](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/impermanent-loss-explained)
  * [Impermanent Loss as explained by us](https://0.masternode.io/docs/il)


## What are the fees?

* Entering/exiting a liquidity pool involves several steps, same for harvesting the rewards: There are transaction fees for each step
* So from cheapest to most expensive to manage liquidity on one of the 3 chains: BSC > Avalanche > Ethereum

Do we avoid the Ethereum chain then?  Not necessarily: Depends where your tokens are (if you need to pay for the bridge costs or not) and/or the share of the pool you would have, it could be worth it.

## How do I enter in a liquidity pool?

1. Make sure that you have enough ZERO tokens and of the paired one:
    1. Either cross chain the paired token if you have some on another chain
    2. Either swap first tokens you have in your wallet (like Zero for example) to the paired token on the same chain as where you want to enter a liquidity pool
    3. There is no minimum required to enter a pool 
2. Go to the "Pools" section
3. Make sure that the "Live" pools button is active
4. Select a pool you want to enter
5. In the "Add Liquidity" screen:
    1. Enter an amount for Zero or the other pair, the Zero Exchange will automatically calculate the amount needed for the other pair
    2. Click on "Supply"
    3. Confirm the "Supply" on the next popup screen: An action in MetaMask is required
    4. Wait for the confirmation transaction to be executed
6. Go back to the liquidity pools details
7. The result of the previous step is that you have created a certain number of "Zero LP tokens"
8. Click on "Deposit"
    1. Select how many LP tokens you want to enter in the pool
    2. Approve the amount: An action in MetaMask is required
    3. Wait until the "Deposit" button is active
    4. Click on "Deposit" : An action in MetaMask is required
9. You can close the displayed Transaction screen (no need to wait that the transaction is finished)
10. Once the "Deposit" transaction is executed, you will how much Zero you will earn per week + Other statistics of that pool

## How do I find the pools where I'm providing liquidity?

1. Go to the "Pools" section
2. Activate the checkbox "Staked only"
3. Toggle between "Live"/"Finished" (in case you are still in pools which have ended)
