---
id: faq006
title: Community content - Trading tokens with other DEXes / sending stable coins from one chain to another 
sidebar_label: Trading tokens with other DEXes - sending stable coins from one chain to another 
hide_title: true
hide_table_of_contents: true
description: Community content - Trading tokens with other DEXes / sending stable coins from one chain to another 
keywords:
 - "ZERO Exchange"
 - "$ZERO"
 - "@OfficialZeroDEX"
image:  /static/avax-logo.svg
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

## Tokens traded on the Zero Exchange can be traded on other exchanges as well?

:::important
It depends on which chain and/or which token.
:::

On the Ethereum chain:
* Yes for all tokens. When trading on the Ethereum chain, you replace Uniswap (or other DEXes) by the Zero Exchange instead. If you don't find your token natively listed under the Zero drop down menu just go to etherscan or bscscan and find the contract address of the coin you would like to swap and add it to the Zero interface.


On the Avalanche chain:
* The native AVAX token can be traded on any exchanges on the Avalanche chain
* For wrapped tokens, no: You can only trade the tokens supported by the Zero Exchange
  * There is a partnership with [Gondola Finance](https://gondola.finance), which allows to swap some specific wrapped tokens between exchanges on the Avalanche chain (done on the Gondola Finance website)
  * [Check this FAQ](faq005.md) over wrapped tokens explanations  


On the BSC chain:
* Same story as for the Avalanche chain, except BNB and BUSD are the native tokens and can be traded on any exchanges on the BSC chain (like Pancakeswap for example)
* Gondola Finance is for the moment only existing on the Avalanche chain

On the Polygon chain:
* Same story as for the Avalanche chain, except MATIC is the native tokens and can be traded on any exchanges on the Polygon chain
* Gondola Finance is for the moment only existing on the Avalanche chain


### I want to transfer a stable coin from one chain to the other, but there is no (or not enough) liquidity on the Zero Exchange on one of the chains?

Example:
* I have DAI on the BSC chain that I want to cross chain to the Polygon chain, but there is no zDAI liquidity on the Zero Exchange on the Polygon side and I can't exchange the zDAI to MATIC for example. 

Possible route:
* In Pancakeswap on BSC: Swap DAI for BUSD or BNB
* On the Zero Exchange on BSC: Swap BUSD or BNB for ZERO
* On the Zero Exchange, cross chain ZERO from BSC to Polygon 
* On the Zero Exchange on Polygon: Swap ZERO to MATIC
* On another DEX on Polygon: Swap MATIC to any other token you want to

Native tokens (like BNB, AVAX, ETH, MATIC) are always supported by the Zero Exchange and other DEX.  So they can be used as intermediate place holders.  
And the ZERO token can be used as the token to cross chain.

### I want to trade a token existing on two chains not supported by the Zero Exchange, how can I cross chain it?

Example:
* I have a token "ABC" on the BSC chain that I trade on Pancakeswap
* This "ABC" token can also be traded on Avalanche on Pangolin, but the ABC project didn't propose a cross chain option for their token. 
 * I want to cross chain "ABC" from BSC to Avalanche to trade it on Pangolin

Possible route:
* In Pancakeswap on BSC: Swap "ABC" for BNB
* On the Zero Exchange on BSC: Swap BNB for ZERO
* Cross chain ZERO from BSC to Avalanche
* On the Zero Exchange on Avalanche: Swap ZERO to AVAX
* On Pangolin: Swap AVAX to "ABC"

Native tokens (like BNB, AVAX, ETH, MATIC) are always supported by the Zero Exchange and other DEX.  So they can be used as intermediate conversions.  
And the ZERO token can be used as the token to cross chain.
